Interactive Compile (#3179)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/commands/compile.md

2. Manually running compiled SQL. While debugging a model or schema test, it's often useful to execute the underlying `select` statement to find the source of the bug.
3. Compiling `analysis` files. Read more about analysis files [here](/docs/build/analyses).

> <VersionBlock firstVersion="1.5">

Reviewer: What's the convention around what to put in the version block? I'd assume it was only highlighting that this is net new behavior, and documenting below outside the version block.

Author: We deprecated the use of changelogs in favor of version blocks to help reign in the amount of information displayed on the screen. Since we version the docs themselves, this makes a generally more pleasing UX, and gives us a nice way to dynamically change the content (where appropriate) for different product versions.

> Starting in dbt v1.5, `compile` becomes interactive in the CLI using the selection syntaxt `--select` or `--inline` to target specic models or Jinja references, respectively. This will return the compiled SQL in the CLI (in addition to the `target/` directory). 

Reviewer: Nit: `syntaxt` → `syntax`
`specic` → `specific`
`return the compiled SQL in the CLI` → `display the compiled SQL inline in the terminal`.

> Starting in dbt v1.5, `compile` becomes interactive in the CLI using the selection syntaxt `--select` or `--inline` to target specic models or Jinja references, respectively. This will return the compiled SQL in the CLI (in addition to the `target/` directory). 

Author: ```suggestion
Starting in dbt v1.5, `compile` becomes interactive in the CLI using the selection syntax `--select` or `--inline` to target specific models or Jinja references, respectively. This will display the compiled SQL in the terminal (in addition to the `target/` directory). 
```
